Creating networks and loading parameters
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-0.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-1200.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-15900.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-17700.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-18000.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-18300.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-18600.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-22500.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-2400.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-25200.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-25500.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-25800.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-26100.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-26400.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-27600.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-3000.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-30600.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-30900.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-31200.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-3300.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-3900.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-39900.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-41700.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-4500.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-5100.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-5400.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-7800.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-8400.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-9000.jpg
 has not a detectable face
Model filename: C:\Users\Harris/models\facenet\20170512-110547/20170512-110547.pb
For n_clusters = 2 The average silhouette_score is : 0.17160912
For n_clusters = 3 The average silhouette_score is : 0.18330863
For n_clusters = 4 The average silhouette_score is : 0.21204895
For n_clusters = 5 The average silhouette_score is : 0.23992068
For n_clusters = 6 The average silhouette_score is : 0.25443193
For n_clusters = 7 The average silhouette_score is : 0.28363088
For n_clusters = 8 The average silhouette_score is : 0.30345455
For n_clusters = 9 The average silhouette_score is : 0.30798173
For n_clusters = 10 The average silhouette_score is : 0.27461225
For n_clusters = 11 The average silhouette_score is : 0.30244055
For n_clusters = 12 The average silhouette_score is : 0.31123814
best number of clusters:  12


0
17




0
24




0
16




0
1


periptwsi 1 gia to cluster: 4


13
13


periptwsi 1 gia to cluster: 5


14
14


periptwsi 1 gia to cluster: 6


9
9




0
8




0
5




0
7




0
3




0
7


Creating networks and loading parameters
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-0.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-1200.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-15900.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-17700.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-18000.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-18300.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-18600.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-22500.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-23102.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-2400.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-25200.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-25500.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-25800.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-26100.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-26400.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-27600.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-3000.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-30600.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-30900.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-31200.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-3300.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-3900.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-39900.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-41700.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-4500.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-5100.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-5400.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-7800.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-8400.jpg
 has not a detectable face
image:C:\Users\Harris\Documents\GitHub\facenet-private\frames\video\frame-9000.jpg
 has not a detectable face
Model filename: C:\Users\Harris/models\facenet\20170512-110547/20170512-110547.pb
For n_clusters = 2 The average silhouette_score is : 0.1917681
For n_clusters = 3 The average silhouette_score is : 0.23537417
For n_clusters = 4 The average silhouette_score is : 0.27018696
For n_clusters = 5 The average silhouette_score is : 0.29783595
For n_clusters = 6 The average silhouette_score is : 0.32293794
For n_clusters = 7 The average silhouette_score is : 0.33955237
For n_clusters = 8 The average silhouette_score is : 0.3224618
For n_clusters = 9 The average silhouette_score is : 0.34164828
For n_clusters = 10 The average silhouette_score is : 0.3232691
For n_clusters = 11 The average silhouette_score is : 0.26463312
For n_clusters = 12 The average silhouette_score is : 0.32937598
best number of clusters:  9


[0.3835485  0.37685603 0.37545225 0.36927834 0.35886845 0.38400722
 0.4512049  0.45674652 0.5362749  0.5429015  0.91748387 0.4544772
 0.4327451  0.5842491  0.45192653 0.43254387 0.5113158  0.45901942
 0.51361585 0.4974899  1.0093169  0.5040655  1.0518849  0.41036102
 1.0207008  0.6538039  0.5382252  0.516267   0.5646586  0.5040495
 0.5283282  0.6144498  0.635592   0.71733654 0.79047465 0.8757982
 0.66687536 0.69954336 0.6665948  0.7605771  0.6297043  0.5304895
 0.7483375  0.7345303  0.7026673  0.71393883 0.74287814 0.56147367
 0.5768465  0.5654204  0.5565776  0.58410174 0.45011866 0.43238828
 0.44057825 0.4482636  0.469806   0.4980744  0.48345798 0.51019734
 0.47531664 0.5041702  0.4714942  0.5655005  0.5338894  0.530395
 0.5003526  0.50149596 0.4718995  0.50145626 0.5197001  0.5297201
 0.52062374 0.5829463  0.59160846 0.48654783 0.6714267  0.4577927
 0.45757288 0.5522466  0.55237263 0.49224254 0.505398   0.5144271
 0.60405034 0.6356709  0.6061557  0.59571904 0.6217843  0.56798905
 0.5998014  0.58752745 0.6082417  0.6130462  0.49167728 0.8678662
 0.65450114 0.91346353 1.1326032  0.66065234 0.8362516  0.8853498
 0.92869514 1.1455123  0.7716324  0.56975275 0.47273827 0.51869893
 0.83279055 0.7394394  0.6658135  0.59424096 0.5822053  0.9015818
 0.58747286 0.59577835 0.48814732 0.438324   0.4577602  0.42269734
 0.4256527  0.43431225 0.7269511  0.6557318  0.83001053 0.6829461
 0.43243006 0.42077643 0.4293843  0.43794045 0.44281936 0.4573269
 0.57755    1.0264575  0.5942476  0.4200177  1.030023   0.83754414
 0.42734492 0.4246835  0.48002797 0.49303284 0.5008632  0.52803814
 0.52940595 0.5253519  0.5418244  0.61249775 0.7544507  0.4985125
 0.46991915 0.40839815 0.386151   0.3832185  0.39263377 0.3686551
 0.4978098  0.53430605 0.5029826  0.5763084  0.55382466 0.4862533
 0.4136009  0.4751812  0.4020349  0.37349054 0.3360271  0.44177285
 0.45867404 0.46914402 0.43542302 0.46572107 0.42433557 0.41657317
 0.4245847  0.42878732 0.44523573 0.98981243 0.6312131  0.60389173
 0.62182873 0.60916626 0.64319295 0.9299927  0.45022935 0.43351367
 0.43969938 0.41928238 0.4210532  0.3882757  0.3637997  0.35164845
 0.36309883 0.3586409  0.3565021  0.40796322 0.41606748 0.40617537
 0.40768364 0.40624493 0.47446576 0.7512832  0.48043334 0.48141837
 0.8756112  0.46726635 0.46543342 0.46825033 0.4603039  0.47679082
 0.43991497 0.45612755 0.4021306  1.0210534  0.60364574 0.57909584
 0.5844932  0.5084441  0.5624107  0.8796784  0.53743035 0.45633957
 0.58771074 0.58811665 0.59462833 0.54017043 0.5922792  0.588419
 0.3896229  0.5143061  0.5452935  0.46820113 0.43016505 0.5234191
 0.52519894 0.5258742  0.5520861  0.5505442  0.86592937 0.4742934
 0.4575775  0.44214144 0.44591984 0.46390125 0.43879738 0.4014343
 0.3864558  0.36039144 0.37302148 0.5802299  0.42100307 0.48924083
 0.56611574 0.6075935  0.4810621  0.6353511  0.39267224 0.61296374
 0.466995   0.38178256 0.38198796 0.5445454  0.50247455 0.8625184
 0.5404534  0.48924217 0.49114785]
